WHY WEB IS CONSIDERED AS UNIVERSAL AND MORE REACHABLE PLATFORM?

1. Developing Web application is platform independent across devices and operating systems.
2. Web application is on demand , that is accessed through browser on demand , so is always updated 
3. Dependency on operating system and underlying hardware architecture for web application developers
is very less.
4. Web application is more reachable and can be accessed on any hardware like x86 , arm with single
code base.
5. Introduction of Web Assembly , PWA makes web even more powerfull
6. Any product which wants to reach more users will be made as an Web application.

-> Underlying architecture of web makes it independent of hardware and OS.

QUES:- Why are different versions of software required for different operating systems 
(macOS, Windows, iOS, Android)? Shouldn’t this depend on the CPU chip instead?

ANS:- An small example would be Chrome application.
-> Chrome for android , chrome for iOS
-> Chrome for window , linux and macOS

Chrome Application is build for different operating system but why ?
1. First dependency is system calls, each application made use of lots of system calls which is 
different for differnt kernels .
2. Second lets talk about Chip architecture (RISC and CISC). Mobile devices Uses ARM(RISC) architecture
Desktop devices have CHips with x86(CISC) architecture. 
3. Each operating system is made for differnt architecture.
4. Any application running directly on top of operating system is platform dependent.So seperate
code will be written for different operating system.

-> WEB Application on the other hand runs on top of browser , browser are platform dependent but
web application is not platform dependent, its more of browser dependent.
-> Majority of browsers introduce features together so the support is almost same in major browsers
like mozilla, chrome , safari , opera etc , they make features according to W3C standards.

-> The Underlying infrastructure either hardware and software makes the web more independent and 
reachable.


Things to keep in mind while learning software development:-
1. Learn the language basic in which u will write the software + best practices(code reusability and readability)
2. Understand Software design /architecture and project structure(Folder structure,file structure, design patterns , coupling/cohersion )
3. Understand the build process of that software development (E.g Web apps build process, Android/IOS application build process  etc)
4. Understand Already available tools for building that kind of application(e.g Android Studio, X-code , visual studio code)
5. Read Other people code(open source) to understand project architecture and programming best practices.


